\section{Context}
What is the significance of money in modern economic systems? Can it be described merely as a medium of exchange, or does it represent something 
more fundamental? When engaging in transactions on the open market, how important is the role of money in determining the value of goods and 
services exchanged? Is the definition of money as a medium of exchange sufficient to fully understand its role in contemporary economic systems? 
The conceptualization of money as an embodiment of value is crucial in understanding the mechanisms behind wealth accumulation. Wealth creation is 
not arbitrary, but rather reflects the perception of value generated by individuals or entities in society. The evolution of human civilization has 
been driven by the development of sophisticated systems for storing and exchanging value, which have facilitated economic transactions and enabled 
the emergence of complex socio-economic structures. 

The banking system operates through a process of fractional reserve lending, whereby only a small percentage of deposits are held in custody, while 
the remaining amount is loaned out to other individuals or businesses. In this scenario, if an individual has a balance of 100 in their account, 
the bank may only hold 3 in custody, and the remaining 97 may be lent out to Pablo to purchase goods or services. The digits on the screen increase 
without any link to anything of intrinsic value, such as gold or other tangible assets. This new money is created through the promise of payment 
from Pablo, which constitutes a debt obligation. This process of creating money through debt is a form of modern-day slavery, whereby the life 
energy of the population is siphoned off by a parasitic mechanism. When Pablo spends the 97 in an establishment, the owner will deposit that money 
in another bank, perpetuating the cycle of debt. The original 100 can be multiplied indefinitely through this process, with more than 90\% of the 
money in circulation consisting of digital entries on a computer screen with no intrinsic value attached. In essence, all magic money created is 
collective debt, and the confidence placed in this system is what enables it to continue functioning. However, if this confidence  were to be lost, 
the entire financial system would collapse, leaving individuals and businesses without access to the means of exchange necessary for economic 
activity.

In 2008, a global financial crisis in the real estate sector occurred, which was caused by the State's Magic money machine providing easy credit. A 
cryptographic document began circulating on a mailing list for cryptographers, signed by the pseudonymous Satoshi Nakamoto, which compiled detailed 
data and discoveries made through cypherpunk innovations. Nakamoto utilized this knowledge to create an electronic transaction system that did not 
require the involvement of a third-party moderator. In essence, Nakamoto's work involved using math, programming, and cutting-edge cryptography to 
publish a map for removing governmental presence from financial transactions. The recent collapse of the economy had demonstrated that governments 
cannot be trusted, and Nakamoto's solution was to create a currency that was mathematically impossible to be corrupted - Bitcoin.

Although Bitcoin does present a solution to the corruptible nature of money, it does possess flaws and is target of more sofisticated frauds. Such 
as \textit{Spoofing} and \textit{Layering}. 